Refactoring of helm/values.yaml (#984)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: docs/migrating_to_version_3.md

Connaisseur version 3.0 is out and brings along many new features, but also breaking changes :boom:
For those breaking changes, we've set up a [script](TODO) that migrates your existing Connaisseur configuration. TODO is it complete?
Read on for the list of most interesting changes.

## Major changes

- NEW: Support for Cosign 2.0
    - :boom: This is a breaking change, because Connaisseur now supports transparency log verification by default.
    If all your Cosign signature artifcats are already part of Rekor's default transparency log (or part of your configured Rekor host) or you don't use Cosign, this is not breaking for you. TODO check phbelitz
- NEW: Support for Notary v2 (Notation)
- [Changes](#api-changes) to the Helm `values.yaml` file
    - :boom: This is a breaking change as we touched quite a bunch of configuration keys to make the configuration API more consistent and more intuitive
    - :robot: We've prepared a [script](TODO) that migrates your existing Connaisseur configuration to the new format

## API changes

Here's the list of changes we made to the Helm `values.yaml`:

- Top-level `kubernetes` key

>     - Previously, there were top-level `deployment` and `service` keys, both of which concerned themselves with the respective<sup>*</sup> Kubernetes resources.

Author: It doesn't currently lead anywhere and is more or less a "be careful, this is nit quite correct" due to the fact, that deployment also had config for the webhook, so it containing config for the corresponding resource isn't quite true. I can link the change below or add a footnote instead if you like that more

# Migrate to Connaisseur version 3.0

It's been a while since our last major update, but it is time again :tada:
Connaisseur version 3.0 is out and brings along many new features, but also breaking changes :boom:
For those breaking changes, we've set up a [script](../scripts/upgrade.py) that migrates your existing Connaisseur configuration.
Read on for the list of most interesting changes.

## Major changes

- NEW: Support for Cosign 2.0
    - :boom: This is a breaking change, because Connaisseur now supports transparency log verification by default.

>     If all your Cosign signature artifcats are already part of Rekor's default transparency log (or part of your configured Rekor host) or you don't use Cosign, this is not breaking for you. TODO check phbelitz

Author: 👀 @phbelitz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If all your Cosign signature artifacts are already part of Rekor's default transparency log (or part of your configured Rekor host) or you don't use Cosign, this is not breaking for you.
```
absolutely correct.
